Updated Packs/GoogleGemini to include VertexAI API option (#44076)
demisto/content: Packs/GoogleGemini/README.md

- **Flexible Model Selection**: Choose from multiple Gemini models including the latest Gemini 2.0 Flash for optimal performance
- **Configurable Parameters**: Fine-tune AI responses with temperature, top-p, top-k, and token limit controls

> The pack contains the **GoogleGemini** integration that connects to Google's Generative AI API, allowing you to incorporate powerful language model capabilities into your security automation and investigation processes. The integration supports both **Google AI Studio** (API key) and **Google Cloud Vertex AI** (service account) authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This pack contains the **GoogleGemini** integration that connects to Google's Generative AI API, allowing you to incorporate powerful language model capabilities into your security automation and investigation processes. The integration supports both **Google AI Studio** (API key) and **Google Cloud Vertex AI** (service account) authentication.
```

## Before You Start

### Requirements

> - Cortex XSOAR version 6.10.0 or later

Reviewer: Not relevant for XSIAM?

- One of the following authentication methods:

>   - A Google AI Studio API key with access to the Generative Language API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - A Google AI Studio API key with access to the Generative Language API.
```

>   - A Google Cloud service account with the **Vertex AI User** role

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - A Google Cloud service account with the **Vertex AI User** role.
```

> - Network connectivity to `https://generativelanguage.googleapis.com` (AI Studio) or `https://aiplatform.googleapis.com` (Vertex AI)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Network connectivity to `https://generativelanguage.googleapis.com` (AI Studio) or `https://aiplatform.googleapis.com` (Vertex AI).
```

> ### Option A: Getting Your AI Studio API Key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Option A: Get Your AI Studio API Key
```

> 1. Visit the [Google AI Studio](https://makersuite.google.com/app/apikey)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to [Google AI Studio](https://makersuite.google.com/app/apikey).
```

> 2. Create a new API key or use an existing one

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create a new API key or use an existing one.
```

> 3. Ensure the key has access to the Generative Language API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Ensure the key has access to the Generative Language API.
```

> ### Option B: Setting Up Vertex AI Service Account

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Option B: Set up Your Vertex AI Service Account
```

> 1. In the Google Cloud Console, go to **IAM & Admin** > **Service Accounts**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the Google Cloud console, go to **IAM & Admin** > **Service Accounts**.
```

> 2. Create a service account with the **Vertex AI User** role (`roles/aiplatform.user`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create a service account with the **Vertex AI User** role (`roles/aiplatform.user`).
```

> 3. Generate a JSON key and download it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Generate a JSON key and download it.
```

> 4. Ensure the Vertex AI API is enabled in your project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Ensure the Vertex AI API is enabled in your project.
```

## Configuration

> 1. In XSOAR, navigate to **Settings** > **Integrations**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In Cortex XSOAR, navigate to **Settings** > **Integrations**.
```

This is just for XSOAR (not XSIAM)?

> 2. Search for "Google Gemini" and add a new instance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Search for Google Gemini and add a new instance.
```

> 3. Set the **Authentication Type** to either "AI Studio API Key" or "Vertex AI Service Account"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Set the **Authentication Type** to either AI Studio API Key or Vertex AI Service Account.
```

4. Configure the following parameters:

**Common Parameters:**

>    - **Model**: Select a Gemini model or enter a custom model name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - **Model**: The Gemini model to use for the integration, or a custom model name.
```

>    - **Max Tokens**: Maximum response length (default: 1024)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - **Max Tokens**: The maximum response length (default: 1024).
```

>    - **Temperature**: Controls randomness (0.0-2.0, optional)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - **Temperature**: (Optional) The degree of randomness in the responses (0.0-2.0).
```

>    - **Top P**: Nucleus sampling parameter (optional)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - **Top P**: (Optional) The nucleus sampling parameter.
```

>    - **Top K**: Top-k sampling parameter (optional)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - **Top K**: (Optional) The top-k sampling parameter.
```

**AI Studio Parameters:**

>    - **API Key**: Your Google AI API key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - **API Key**: Your Google AI API key.
```

**Vertex AI Parameters:**

>    - **Service Account Key (JSON)**: The full JSON key contents for your service account

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - **Service Account Key (JSON)**: The full JSON key contents for your service account.
```

>    - **Project ID**: Your Google Cloud Project ID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - **Project ID**: Your Google Cloud Project ID.
```

>    - **Location**: Google Cloud location (e.g., `global`, `us-central1`; defaults to `global`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - **Location**: The Google Cloud location (for example, `us-central1`. Default is `global`).
```

> ## Using the Integration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Integration Usage
```

> ### Basic Usage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Basic
```

## Troubleshooting

> - **API Key Issues**: Ensure your API key has access to the Generative Language API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ensure your API key has access to the Generative Language API.
```

> - **Vertex AI Auth Errors**: Ensure the service account has the `roles/aiplatform.user` role and the Vertex AI API is enabled in your project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *Ensure the service account has the `roles/aiplatform.user` role and the Vertex AI API is enabled in your project.
```

> - **Server URL**: For AI Studio, use `https://generativelanguage.googleapis.com`. For Vertex AI, the URL auto-switches to `https://aiplatform.googleapis.com` if left at the default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For AI Studio, use the server URL `https://generativelanguage.googleapis.com`. For Vertex AI, the URL auto-switches to `https://aiplatform.googleapis.com` by default.
```

> - Check network connectivity to Google's API endpoints  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Check network connectivity to Google's API endpoints. 
```

> - Verify that the selected model is available in your region

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Verify that the selected model is available in your region.
```

> - Review rate limits and usage quotas for your API key or project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Review rate limits and usage quotas for your API key or project.
```

> For additional support, refer to the [Google AI documentation](https://ai.google.dev/) or contact the pack maintainer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see the [Google AI documentation](https://ai.google.dev/) or contact the pack maintainer.
```
